Wait, why are you feeling guilty?
My dad is a billionaire
How many people are clearly staring at his lineup
Did you just watch it?
Sorry ma'am
I was negligent.
I don't know exactly.
My night market staff are still so capable
Reasonable person
Just leave it here
The stinky old man is quite good at pretending
advise you to shut up
If you don't like it, get out of my way
Master and Miss
Please forgive me for being late.
Where did you find this group performance?
Could it be another poor relative?
Two old men. This mansion smells old
Look at what you're wearing.
To pretend to be rich
What's the cost?
Someone hurry up and take you two poor relatives
Or I'll put you out of a job now
What's not possible?
It's Wang Yuan, don't come here
Our Ye family is so handsome
Are you not paying attention to the big brother?
Miss, you have to make decisions for us.
Ok you three let me help
What are you looking at?
I'm telling you three paupers to shut up
Do you know this woman who knows nothing about life and death?
Don't ask what you call me
Master and Miss